Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this problem, Stone Division.
So let's read this quickly.
First of all, I strongly suggest you all do.
Do it by yourself.
Do you read out completed by yourself and then will move on to the solution?
So consider the following game.
The first point is there are two players first and second sitting in front of and behind the first player.
Always a first, always plays first.
Of course, the data set s of m distinct integers defined as s.
We have a set of m indigenous rates of what is m m is only like ten.
So it's not a big value.
We have a set of ten listing integers eight.
So the player moves in and returns.
During each turn, a player choose some essay which belongs to that said.
So he chooses one of those distinct integers on the set and splits one of the piles into exactly say
smaller pipes of equal size eight to.
Let me give you an example.
Well it's it initially and was then and it's it is able the SEC is looking make the SEC exist it has
to in five and three also eight.
What a player can do is he can divide this and it goes to ten into.
Smaller games.
So it's a big game is dividing this surge into smaller games and which community choose to.
So he divides this into two games of five, five length each.
In case the let's say if he chose fight, then what happens is he divides then into five games of 2
to 2 each.
Eight.
And what if it was three from the sect?
Then it cannot be divided by because three does not divide.
Ten.
Holy.
Well, these.
So yes, we have understood this point.
If no essay exists, then we will split.
Then that will split one of the available points to equal smaller base.
The player loses.
So if we won't be able to make a move, that's a losing position.
We all know about it.
And both players play optimally, right?
Of course.
Given and in him and the contents of his find in print.
The winner of the game if first wins print first are the voice print second release.
The first line contains two spaced separated integers describing or whatever and an m and then will
have to.
So it is 15 three and 523 is the same.
So initially we have 15 students.
We have 15 stones initially and the set contains five, two and three.
So.
The first player can make a move here.
What is the move?
So what we'll do is we'll just we can like do it recursively.
Also we can fine print the guarantee number is also the guarantee.
We can also make the guarantee function very easy.
We have done many problems of this type.
So.
Why am I saying so?
Because we just have to write a recursion and memorize it.
And I think it's right.
But still, let me explain you.
Why would the negotiation work?
So here's 15, right?
So let's say if he chose five.
So there are two options.
Now at eight, let me make two options, which are five and three eight.
So you cannot make a choice of two eight.
So in the first choice of five, this game of of 15 is being divided into three in five games of three
it.
Eight.
And the second option, this is five move.
And if he is the player one chooses the second option, then the game is actually divided into three
games of five which.
Eight noses.
Now, here's the most important part of this problem.
What this problem wants to convey is that why would I need to calculate correctly values of all these
five different problems?
And why should I calculate the values of all these to resolve problems when the problems I see ain't
go away?
As we have already seen that if I have some games and I have to play all these games, so what I do
is I take more than the sum of all the games when I do play all the games.
So it's not this that if you play this three or you play this three, you have to play all these games,
right?
That means the party is divided, but the party is still there.
You need to make a move on that fight.
But if I'm playing all the games, it's a combination of all the games here.
When I play the interim board, what happens is we'll have this large sum of all these smaller games,
the sub games.
So if I have, let's say I have a guarantee of three.
I have guarantee of three.
Tim.
Tim So I have five guarantees of three.
And guys, of course, this and these all guarantee values will be seen because the state seem so vanity
sort of all these five values.
What value in these will cancel out because of our cancel out in base rate?
What remains is geometry.
So I hope you're getting this point.
Weisz Why would I calculate a guarantee of three, five times?
I'll just include one time guarantee of three eight similar links for these five.
Why would I calculate guarantee values of this Phi Phi Phi three times eight?
Because it's even it's an odd number of times.
That means I just have to get a guarantee of by only one eight.
Now, guys, what if what if this and let's say I had this guys there to have 20 and the set contains
two, right?
So the game is divided into two games of ten fights.
Now, please tell me I have to play all the games.
I have to take the name some of the grindy values of these games.
So if I take the name Sum of ten and Jaeden Martell Goodies, I get zero.
Right.
So.
If it's my chance, let's say I'm the first player to make a move and I'm able to divide the game into
equal numbers.
That means in this case, I'm doing the game under two parts.
Or what?
It basically means that if AC is even eight and so divides and is the condition, of course.
So in case of 20, I'm dividing the game into two parts.
Of course I'll win, right?
Because now I'm giving the other player and losing position no matter what he plays on this, I'll play
on this.
Eight.
Simple as it is, we understood this concept already.
Name some concept that the granny value the name sum of this is zero.
That means it's a losing position.
So it's a losing position.
Then this has to be a winning position.
Right.
So not going deeper into that.
But yes, I hope you understood this advice.
Would I not be calculating the guarantee values of tenure?
Why would I say that if I am able to divide?
Failing to equal games, equal number of games for so even number of games then.
Then it will be a winning position for me.
Because the name sum offered is zero.
Because those are the losing position.
I hope you got this first point.
Then why would we have an evolution if I were to divide the game into equal even parts?
And if I'm not able to divide the game in two even parts?
Let's see.
It's for this case, only 15.
And I'm not able to divide 15 and do some equal parts.
Eight other the parts of five or the parts that three.
Eight.
If the parts of five, that means the number of parts of five or the number of parts or the sub games
are three.
Then what we'll do is we have to calculate the guarantee values of three and five.
I.
So the important thing that I was going to share with you is that I would not calculate and devalues.
Why would I not get great reviews of these functions?
Because.
I don't have I don't have to use them.
I I'm not taking sort of any of the gritty values because I know if there aren't, I, I lose that position,
whether it be and or and people generally it's a winning or losing position.
Right.
And if it does get into even games, then of course, it's a winning position.
I don't need the granny values and never the kings or.
Eight.
If I'm not taking kings or I'm not including all the games because I know they will cancel out because
they are equal games.
I will just be using a boolean function which will discover whether it's a losing position or a winning
position.
And I will not be using the going to do with this.
Well, because if you are going to guarantee values, you can use it.
Right.
But it's of no use because we are never be kings are in the code because.
A game is divided into some number of sub games, but.
Finally, all those numbers are if I take the sort of gritty values of all those games, then it will
only determine one game eight.
It's kind of like, I'm not going five games.
I'm just going one day.
All of the five games, if I if I'm not using the Values VI to calculate them, right?
If I'm not taking sort of the Values VI to calculate them, just find out whether it's a losing position
or of being beaten towards the losing version.
But you guys.
So what's a losing position?
A losing position is a politician where he's not able to make a move.
So that's what we'll finally go down to.
Let me give you an example.
In this case only.
So if I divide it into five games or there will be three, and if I divide them into three games, it
will be five eight.
And if this three and if this five is like further divided, the further divided five will be divided
into five games off by each.
Okay.
So it will be five games.
Games.
I'm not writing all five games.
And here we have three and of course, only three.
Three with the lottery.
So again, we'll have three games of one eight.
So what what is one?
One is a losing position, right?
If I'm able to make making go to a losing position, then I'm the then it's a winning position.
If it's a winning position, this is also a winning operation, then this has to be a losing patience.
And it's sick.
Yeah.
So if your phone is a losing potion and its first place chance.
So who will win second.
Well.
So all the rules follow, right?
If I.
If I get even one of the losing positions, it's a winning position.
Now.
Right.
Well, let me call this out.
And let's do it a little.
Quick because it's very easy.
But in all the games you are doing the same part.
In this particular problem, we just realized one more thing, that if the game is being divided into
some equal games, equivalent games with same states, then don't calculate gravity values of all the
states and pigs or hey, don't do that, just a little grindy value of one game.
And if it is being divided into even games, then the guarantees.
So then the guarantee of whole game is zero because even games something began as is zero.
And if it is art then I know whether it's a losing vision or a winning vision and move accordingly.
Ain't not let's not calculate grinding this nix all this without using grindy function.
Right?
So let's write the boolean function and let's say give when you w l so give whether it's a winning vision
or a losing position.
So what I do here is it will have.
It will dig in and is the number of files.
And what else is required.
Okay.
Let me quickly go here and amend the Eddie eight.
Yeah, let's take it to.
And.
The input rule for the end of their two year tenure.
So some of you might be wondering that any standard about it being an essay standard deliberating but
also seen that Emmys penalty rate and yeah.
So let me give you a factor.
So.
What a number and we have approximately and the root and cube root of any number of pieces.
Hey.
Which is not big, right?
So what is cube root of the end of the body between.
This end of the bargain.
But even if we go to all, it's already visas of the end of the border.
They will be on it.
And it's about 60 visas, which is like reachable for us.
It works within 1/2 date.
So that should not be an issue.
Now let's take this area and watch the land of the race then only.
So let's say s and.
Optimistic are constant and.
But still ten.
Buddy.
And now what we'll do is build assembly, complete identical evolution.
So what happens is if.
Let's see whether it's a winning or losing position.
So if if it's a winning position.
If we're not in and it's opposition to it, if it's a winning position, we will simply be out.
First.
Or we scout picking when we are wondering about winning or losing positions.
We don't.
Take into consideration of Draw eight because it's a winning push in order to lose inflation.
There's no middle way.
Eight you need.
Let's read this.
Let's come to your discord.
It's a brilliant function.
So, yeah, let's move forward and.
It retails size of this at eight so it should be in.
So let me take this M and the top.
Yeah they will be using it over here so I'm just iterating over all it's divisors of n what else is
if and mod.
Is.
Zero.
That means it divides in its eternity with that means and can be divided into some.
As they boils it, they say it's because it's activism.
And what's interesting is Benjamin ventured at it and true.
If essays even because then the number of sub games that even if the number of sub games are even,
that means it's a losing position, but it's a winning position for this guy because the number of games
that even the other guy will like have even number of games.
So awesome of all.
All of them will be zero.
Right?
So what else I simply didn't do?
It's what we discussed.
Guys, if I find at least one.
Savage divide sin and can be divided into even subsets, even games.
Then it will be a winning position for me.
Eight.
And what's next?
When as it can be true its let's talk about winning and losing patience.
I hate it when.
When I.
When I have a winning position.
That means.
If I can move that guy to a losing position, then it's a winning vision.
So what I do here is that if any more essay goes to zero, that means as I usually visit, often I can
make a move.
And the next is.
Give winning or losing and what will be the next it will be essay.
So this is the next sub and each event is been divided into five games.
So it is end by five, which is the next number off by eight, which is the next stage basically.
So the game is beginning right into NBC Games eight, so I'll see if this is false.
What does this mean?
It is a losing state.
Next, it is a losing state.
So if I can go to at least one of the losing states, then my current state is a winning state.
So firstly, I've just separated this out and then I've separated this part out.
Well, it should not be a problem.
You can even merge them.
But yeah.
But I hope you understood this.
This is an almost of that.
We do.
If I've got at least one losing state, it's a winning state.
And this is the main stuff that we are doing kind of basic is basically that if.
And it's been divided and can be divided into even number of games.
And that's a losing position made.
Or the other player.
So I'll just return it.
I'll return to form.
Otherwise, if both these conditions don't hold true, then what they'll do is I lied and false.
It was.
I'm not winning here.
I'm not meaning it and I lose.
I'm not able to make a move basically, or whatever.
My making is true.
That means all other winning quotations.
So let's be this one's.
Is it a problem floating point exception?
And more to say.
Oh, my word.
I haven't taken the input of essay.
Happens with me, sir.
It happens in the teaching.
Yeah.
So here we go to second rate.
Now, what?
What's the problem in this case?
That we can move to some and multiple times?
There are overlapping problems.
Let's say I was hundred and then let's move to 50.
Then I moved to ten or so from one direction that illegal and that means there are overlapping problems
so we need to memorize it.
Nothing much.
It's Alexa to memorize it so we can see that and go straight into what it means so we cannot make an
edit.
What we'll do is it simply.
Pick a map and instead of intended stick it as boolean.
Because this function today says William H.
So what I do is if Embry wrote count in it means if it's and is already calculated return.
MP in other ways.
Let's copy this.
Yeah, see, we're there.
Always whenever I'm returning through, let's see it.
Let's memorize it, basically.
So this is called final.
And yes, it's working.
It's copy.
But back.
Submit it over here.
Great.
And it is C++ or D.
Penguin.
Let's run it and we'll summit it.
Samples just submitted.
Cool.
So we were able to pass all the test cases.
Either problem initially would seem a little trickier or tougher, or like it was going, let's not
do it.
But it's not that great because you can easily see we haven't done anything.
You're just you're utilize the property of the law and even games.
Do you know if.
Audience.
Final answer.
And the important thing to note is that.
The number of.
States that can be for a particular and is under Rudolph excuse Rudolph in.
So it's not a big deal, right?
So if I'm just going to some cube root of N states and any standard about it, it will have tended to
be over six here.
And of course, guys, in all the states, we are doing this type of calculation, which is Wolfram
and M10 only multiplied by ten.
So this tended to be over seven complexity and of course is going to be amazing.
Okay, so this map takes our log of low of anything to memorize it so it to be a minimum was intended
to be over six numbers.
In worst case it becomes log of ten to the power six because of you minimizing it.
So and logging for that.
This is the overall complexity.
It's not a big complexity.
It's eight.
I understood this.
I think you wait and see in the next part.